# Introduction #

There are a lot of things that generator is doing. Some of them are not so obvious (like special tags). This document targets to describe them.

# Details #

Only classes that are marked with stereotype DomainObject are considered through generation.

Tags supported by org.sodeja.generator.impl.ClassGenerator
  * enum - on class level - for classes that should be generated as enumerations
  * multy - on operation parameter level - define parameters basic type and add multy tag on it if you want to be a collection.

Tags supported by org.sodeja.generator.impl.HibernateClassGenerator
  * enum - on class level - for classes that should be generated as enumerations
  * embedded - on class level - is this class will be marked as embedded for the hibernate
  * dao - on operation level - this operations will not become part of the generated model
  * multy - on operation parameter level - define parameters basic type and add multy tag on it if you want to be a collection.

Tags supported by org.sodeja.generator.impl.HibernateConfigGenerator
  * enum - on class level - these classes will be not part of the configuration
  * embedded - on class level - these classes will be not part of the configuration

Tags supported by org.sodeja.generator.impl.HibernateDaoGenerator
  * crud - on class level - only classes marked with crud will be considered for custom dao generation
  * dao - on operation level - only classes marked with crud tag and having operations that are marked will be processed for custom dao generation
  * multy - on operation parameter level - define parameters basic type and add multy tag on it if you want to be a collection.

Tags supported by org.sodeja.generator.impl.SpringDaoConfigurationGenerator
  * crud - on class level - for every class marked as crud a dao will be configured.
  * dao - on operation level - for these classes that has dao operations will be used daos generated by HiberanateDaoGenerator